We will:

    Review Basics.

    Revisit core concepts.

Fog is normal.

Clarity comes in waves and levels.


Key concepts and their application is priority.

Memorization of syntax comes last and only with practice.





For each of the following words; please answer the following three questions using your own words.

    -   What is it?

    -   What real life thing is it similar to?

    -   When would you use it (what problem does it solve?

1. Variable
    A variable is something that is used to represent something else.
    It's similar to traffic signs: Red means stop.
    You would use it when you need to reuse or perform multiple operations on a value.

2. Operator
    A command that is used to modify or return a value.
    It is similar to mathematical operations - addition, subtraction, etc.
    You would use it in mathematical contexts.

3. Assignment Operator
    A command to apply a variable to its value.
    It is similar to a committee setting rules about traffic signs.
    It is used to create or modify a variable.

4. String
    Text, Letters, Words
    It is similar to words, like someone's name.
    It is used to represent text.

5. Float
    A number with decimals.
    It is used to represent fractions.

6. Boolean
    A true or false value.
    It is similar to the on/off state of a light switch (or computer transistor switches).
    It is allows us to perform actions based on any true/false condition.

7. List
    A collection or array of data.
    It similar to a basket of produce: apple, orange, broccoli.
    It is used to group and act on related data.

8. Dict
    A collection of key, value pairs.
    It is similar to the index for a book.  The key is a page number and the value is the topic.
    It is used to represent an object, its attribute names and values.  It allows us to quickly lookup related data.

9. Conditional Expression/Operator
    Jump around to different functions or code blocks using boolean logic.
    It is similar to basic decision making: If I am hungry, then I'll get something to eat.
    It is used to test a condition and decide what to do if true or false.

10. Function
    A block of code that can perform a repeatable operation and may receive parameters and return a result.
    It is similar to driving directions: How I get from one place to another.
    It allows us to reuse code so that it is more efficient and understandable.

11. Argument
    An input value received by a function and may be acted on by that function.
    It is similar to money put in a vending machine.
    It is used to make functions more dynamic so you don't have to embed fixed variables in every function.

12. Return Value
    The value returned by a function.
    It is similar to the result of basic arithmetic: 2 + 2 = *4*
    It allows us to use functions to provide results that can be used for additional functions or provide meaning.

BONUS: What other python keywords can you answer these questions for?

13. Loop
    Repeating over a collection data to perform some action on that data.
    It is similar to going through each piece of clothing in your closet and deciding what to wear.
    It allows us to perform actions or logic across related data.

14. Object/Class
    A data structure that has consistent functions and methods.
    It is similar to any set of similar things, such as a car, which has parts and can be driven.
    It allows us to represent real-world, complex things in code.
        It also allows us to make our code more modular, efficient, and readable.