We will:

    Review Basics.

    Revisit core concepts.

Fog is normal.

Clarity comes in waves and levels.


Key concepts and their application is priority.

Memorization of syntax comes last and only with practice.





For each of the following words; please answer the following three questions using your own words.

    -   What is it?

    -   What real life thing is it similar to?

    -   When would you use it (what problem does it solve?)

1. Variable:  A variable is the inconstant in whatever we are doing. It's the object that we are morphing to create what
 it is that we are looking for. If you have an ice cream base, the flavor such as chocolate or vanilla will be the
 variable. It's the data that we are putting in to then move around as we see fit. (redundant sentance) It solves the
  problem of continually reentering data.

2. Operator: The Operator signifies what we are doing to a set of data. In simple math terms it would be the operations
such as +-*/. In some cases it's a comparison relating two sets of data together. Math would be my best analogy, but going
to cooking it would be grading meat based on quality. One piece will (likely) be superior to the other. It solves the
problem that we ask it to. Such as doing my taxes.

3. Assignment Operator: An assignment operator makes a comparison between two sets of data, without actually changing the
data significantly. It's a comparison based on similarity. In a list of steaks both ribeye and top sirloin would qualify
as "yes", however in a list of ribeyes, top sirloin would not qualify. We use it to categorize information in a method
that we deem best or necessary.

4. String: A String is a series of some sort of related data that we are screwing with in a similar or related method.
When making a cake we will have several non-related ingredients, but we are applying a similar method of mixing and
heating to all of them. The same things are not necessarily happening to all of them, but similar, related things are happening.
We use strings to keep data that belongs together, together.

5. Float: Float refers to fractions and decimals; really anything that is not a whole number. A 3/4 cup of butter is
dramatically different then a 1/4 cup of butter; in the same recipie the first could cause a collapse, and the second could
 be the perfect amount necessary to assist with levening. Without these portions of numbers we would lose vast amounts
 of... whatever we are working with.

6. Boolean: A boolean will determine the truthiness of something (in Python). Extremely similar to how I described assignment
operators to the extent that I think one of them may be wrong. Though again, all filet mignons are steaks (true), all steaks are
filet mignons (false), all T-bones are filet mignons (half true). We use them to test the truthiness quotent of data. Synergy!

7. List: A list is a series of data that is related somehow. A recipe is a list of things that are screwed with to make
food. For programmers a list is a series of data that is screwed with the produce profit. We use lists to introduce information
into whatever we are doing.

8. Dict: A Dictionary is a group of data that relates directly to itself. Danford is pale, mostly blind, sarcastic and
a cook. These descriptions all relate to Danford, they are not a series of irrelevant data. (Assuming Danford is not
irrleveant) We use this to keep data that needs each other together.

9. Conditional Expression/Operator: A Conditional expression/operator is a series of commands that will flow, one after
the other until one applies. If my car works then I will drive home. If my car doesnt work, then I'll take the bus. If the
 bus is broken then I'll walk. If my legs are broken, then I'll probably just cry. We use this to create options for
 how data is moved/used.

10. Function: A function is a set of commands that we have created to screw with data in a particular way. It's the popcorn
preset on your microwave, but ideally it works. We use it to take different data and screw with it the same way, without having
to tell it how to be screwed with again.

11. Argument: A set of variables that are all being screwed with together in a function. Im mincing carrots, onions and
celery, but essentially the same operation is happening to each. We use these to provide data for a function or whatever
else we are using.

12. Return Value: Return value is the data that we are getting back after we screw with it. We put in Leeks, Potatos, Salt,
Pepper and Cream and our return value is vichychoisse. We need return values or really we are not doing anything terribly useful
because data will go in and we don't get worth out of it.

BONUS: What other python keywords can you answer these questions for?
Loop. 