We will:

    Review Basics.

    Revisit core concepts.

Fog is normal.

Clarity comes in waves and levels.


Key concepts and their application is priority.

Memorization of syntax comes last and only with practice.





For each of the following words; please answer the following three questions using your own words.

    -   What is it?

    -   What real life thing is it similar to?

    -   When would you use it (what problem does it solve?

1. Variable
an argument or parameter inside of a string. I'd say life is full of constant variables. The problem it solves is
to allow the coder to call a function.

2. Operator
this would be the plus, minus, times, division symbols, etc. They are similar to the symbols used in real life to
achieve the same or similar answers. They would be used to add, multiply, or divide to produce a value.

3. Assignment Operator
the thing that defines what to call. In real life I'd say it would be a title.

4. String
a string is a word or series of words that can be called to create an answer. It must be properly defined in the code.

5. Float
honestly? This concept keeps slipping past me for some reason.

6. Boolean
a true or false statement. This would be used when you need to know if something is more or less than and/or equal to,
for example 10 < 472

7. List
A list of items that can be searched. This would be similar to a list or dictionary catalog or index. It would be used
to catalog names, items or places etc.

8. Dict
A dictionary of things that can be searched. This would be similar to a list, catalog or index. It would be used to
store and search names, items, places etc. A collection.

9. Conditional Expression/Operator
This would be the if/else, as in, if x * y = z print z else print a

10. Function
procedure or program, ie a block of code that takes a parameter and may return a value

11. Argument
again, another concept that seems a bit slippery to me

12. Return Value
the answer! The solution one is seeking. The point of the exercise.

BONUS: What other python keywords can you answer these questions for?
raw_input, which allows you to interact with the user
inheritance used to indicate that one class will get all or most features from a parent
randomly, a # is also called an octothorpe
