Skip to content
 This repository
Explore
Gist
Blog
Help
@seveneleven7711 seveneleven7711

 Unwatch 8
  Star 0
  Fork 0
kevinelong/AM_2015_04_06
 branch: master  AM_2015_04_06/Week1/review.txt
kevinelong 6 minutes ago review.txt
0 contributors
RawBlameHistory    52 lines (24 sloc)  0.704 kb
We will:

    Review Basics.

    Revisit core concepts.

Fog is normal.

Clarity comes in waves and levels.


Key concepts and their application is priority.

Memorization of syntax comes last and only with practice.





For each of the following words; please answer the following three questions using your own words.

    -   What is it?

    -   What real life thing is it similar to?

    -   When would you use it (what problem does it solve?

1. Variable
a. A variable is a "container" that contain list, dictionaries, etc.
b. A variable is similar to a container or a box.
c. It gives a numerical representation of a real-life object or process

2. Operator
a. An operator produces an output
b. "Print" is one of the more basic operators
c. It gives you the output of your code and tells you whether it's working or not. If it doesn't print, then you have a problem.

3. Assignment Operator
a. Assigns values to the right or left of an operand
b. It's similar to a "signpost" or "traffic director" for lack of better term.
c. It's used for for assigning values to the right or left of the operand.

4. String
a. A string is an array which could include a list, for example.
b. It's similar to using "shorthand" in order to avoid having to duplicate code on seperate lines.
c. You would use a string to define a function

5. Float
a. A float is a decimal point integer
b. A float is a shorthand way of writing a larger number
c. It's used in basic coding

6. Boolean
a. A boolean is a binary value - either true or false, 1 or 2, etc.
b. A boolean is a like a door that either opens if true or closes if false.
c. It's used for assigning values to different variables.

7. List
a. A list is a type of function
b. A list is like a container full of things
c. Lists are used to create a structure from which specific datas are pulled from

8. Dict
a. A dictionary is a "directory" which contains a list of things (names) with variables for each thing (age, etc.)
b. A dict is like a physcial dictionary except expressed numerically in code
c. A dict can be used to store information is an easily "called-up" manner

9. Conditional Expression/Operator
a. A conditional experession would be "elif" or "ifand" - the operation only executes if an assigned criteria is met
b. It's similar to a hall monitor in that it only lets certain things "in the hall" if they meet certain criteria
c. It's useful for splitting up strings of data or moving them around.
cd
10. Function
a. A function is a the execution of two or more variables
b. A function is like a list of steps that is taken in a the same order each time, to produce a desired result
c. A function is useful for taking one or more variables or pieces of data and computing them together to give a result

11. Argument
a. Arguments are the parameters given for executing a specific line of code
b. It is similar to a dispatcher that gives directions or routes a call to a specific destination
c. Arugments are used to manipulate data according to the parameters set by the programmer.

12. Return Value
a. The "print" output one gets (e.g. X = 1 : Y = 2 ... X + Y = 3) 3 would be the returned value in this case
b. A return value is similar to the "printed page" or "output" of an executed oprand (operation?)
c. Return values are useful for checking how well one's code is running.

BONUS: What other python keywords can you answer these questions for?

Types of operators include: strings, integers, floats, booleans

Functions, class, module, and package are used interchangeble.
Status API Training Shop Blog About
© 2015 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Security Contact
