We will:

    Review Basics.

    Revisit core concepts.

Fog is normal.

Clarity comes in waves and levels.


Key concepts and their application is priority.

Memorization of syntax comes last and only with practice.





For each of the following words; please answer the following three questions using your own words.

    -   What is it?

    -   What real life thing is it similar to?

    -   When would you use it (what problem does it solve?

1. Variable
    A variable is an object in code that represents something else, such as a number or words. It is similar to a field
    on a form asking your age. You use it when you need another way to represent data so you can perform actions on it.

2. Operator
    An operator is the symbol in math that determines what action is taken. It is similar to addition, multiplication, etc.

3. Assignment Operator
    An assignment operator is used to make one thing equivalent to another. It is similar to the form asking your age,
    but now age is equal to the number. You use it when you want to assign a value to a variable.

4. String
    A string is a series/array of characters. It is similar to a sentence or word. You use it when you need to save words
    instead of numbers to a variable.

5. Float
    A float is a number with a floating decimal point such as 8.3 or 89.26. It is similar to a number with a decimal point.
    You use it when you need a more accurate result from a mathematics equation.

6. Boolean
    Boolean is a condition that returns True or False. It's similar to stating whether something is true or not. It is
    used when you want something to happen only if a certain condition is met.

7. List
    A list is an array of data that can hold multiple values for one variable. It is similar to a recipe ingredient list.
    It is used when there are multiple types of data that are the same, but hold different values.

8. Dict
    A dict is a list that has key values that relate to another piece of data. It is similar to a dictionary in that you
    look for the word/key in the dictionary and find the correlating data.

9. Conditional Expression/Operator
    A conditional expression/operator is a line of code that prevents a loop or following block of code from running
    unless the condition is met. It is similar to a guard at a military base; unless you have the proper credentials(meet
    the conditions) you can't continue.

10. Function
    A function is a line of code that usually returns a value. It can accept parameters with which it will do something.
    It is similar to an algebraic equation in which you put numbers in for the letters and solve. A function is used when
    the lines of code need to be reused.

11. Argument
    An argument is the set of data that is affected by a function. It is similar to the letters in an algebraic equation.
    You use it when you want a function to perform certain actions.

12. Return Value
    A return value is the result of a function. It is similar to the answer to a math problem. You can use it when you want
    to make another variable equal to the function's result, and when you want to print out the function's result.

BONUS: What other python keywords can you answer these questions for?

Class
    A class is a template for objects. The class creates instances of the template that are given names and become objects.
    You use it when you have several objects that are going to contain the same fields of information.